Outline
The exam
Introduction
The data
Software Requirements
Tasks
The exam
You need to prove that:

You can design a database that conforms to the 1st, the 2nd, and the 3rd normal forms.
You know how to write some SQLs and do ETL using SQL statements.
You can prepare your development environment using Docker.
You can implement user requirements using the taught web technologies (HTML + CSS + Express + HTMX) based on your database design.
You can prepare a compose.yaml so that the user (me) can get your software up and running quickly by 1) git clone and 2) docker compose up.
Introduction
The Total Fertility Rate (TFR), commonly expressed as children per woman, is a foundational demographic indicator that is critically important for comparing population dynamics and socioeconomic development across countries and regions. The TFR represents the average number of children a woman would have over her lifetime if she experienced the age-specific fertility rates observed in a given year. This makes it an intuitive and powerful tool for global and regional analysis:

Benchmarking Population Change: The TFR is the primary factor determining a country's future population size and age structure. Comparing the TFR to the replacement level (approximately 2.1 children per woman) immediately classifies a nation as having a growing (above 2.1), shrinking (below 2.1), or stable population (at 2.1, assuming zero net migration).
Highlighting Socioeconomic Disparities: Differences in TFR reveal significant socioeconomic gaps. Generally, higher TFRs are found in developing countries, correlating with lower levels of female education, limited access to contraception and reproductive health services, and high rates of child mortality. Conversely, lower TFRs in developed nations often indicate delayed childbearing, higher educational attainment, and greater female labor force participation.
Informing Policy and Resource Allocation: Governments and international bodies use TFR comparisons to forecast future demands on services. High rates necessitate planning for investments in schools, child healthcare, and maternal care, while sustained low rates signal an impending aging population and the need to adjust policies for pensions, elder care, and workforce size.
In essence, the TFR is a universal metric that provides a direct, measurable comparison of reproductive behavior and its deep connection to a country's health, wealth, and long-term societal stability.

The data
Your original data for this exam are to be downloaded from the following CSV files:

Facts
Nations, Regions, and Continents
They are from the Our World in Data website and Kaggle .
For data1.csv, the fields are as follows:
Field	Description
Entity	Political Entity
Code	ISO code formed of 3 letters for the entity
Year	Year of the data
TFR	the average number of births per woman
For data2.csv, the fields are as follows:
Field	Description
name	Country name in English
alpha-2	ISO code formed of 2 letters
alpha-3	ISO code formed of 3 letters
country code	Unique country code
region	The continent of provenance
sub-region	Subcontinent
intermediate region	Intermediate region
codes for region/subregion/intermediate region	Codes for region, subregion, and intermediate region
Software Requirements
The exam requires you to develop a web application on your own (no teamwork, and hope you believe that your integrity is more important than scores). It is entirely okay to use assistance from AI, but you must understand the code that you write. You have the following requirements:

Select a country using a dropdown list, and then show the TFRs of that country over the years ordered by year in ascending order.
Select a sub-region and a year with data using two separate dropdown lists, and then show all the countries in that sub-region with their TFRs in that year, ordered by TFR in descending order.
Select a region and a year with data using two separate dropdown lists, and then display all its sub-regions and their maximum TFRs in each sub-region in that year, ordered by both region and the maximum TFR in descending order.
Do a keyword search on country names (partial match) using an input text box, and then show the matching countries along with their TFRs in 2020, ordered by country name.
Select a country, and add a new TFR record for that country for the next year (e.g., if the latest TFR is in 2023, the new TFR is then for 2024).
Select a country, a data year (a year with data), and then update the TFR record for that country and year.
Select a country, a beginning data year, and an ending data year, and then delete all TFR records for that country within the specified year range.
A feature of your choice related to the TFRs data.
248276 seconds
Tasks
The exam consists of the following tasks that should correspond well to goal of this course and the above purposes. It should also be noted that for implementations of applications, you must use the database/ER model that you designed, with normalizations applied.

(10 pts.) Using GitHub
Create a GitHub repository for your final exam project with a README.md file. This GitHub repository should contain everything for your final exam, including your ER model image file, your SQL statements document file, and your three-tier web application project folder (that does to /app in Docker).
Note that You should do at least one commit per task completed in the following.
https://github.com/JinkeSF/Software-Engineering-Final-Exam
(15 pts.) Database design & normalization
The given data (two CSV files) are NOT normalized. Please design a physical database model (the E-R model that can be implemented in DBMS, i.e. no many-to-many relationships) that contains all the necessary data to complete your software requirements and 2) conforms to the 3rd normal form. Commit your E-R model either in README.md using Mermaid syntax or by an image file (ERDiagram.BMP, ERDiragram.PNG, or ERDiagram.GIF).
p.s. If you have fewer than 4 entities, you will receive a very low score...
(15 pts.) SQL
Commit a file named ETL.sql. The file should be similar to "Commands used in today's demonstration for ETL." found in the week of Oct. 13 - Oct. 19. It contains all SQL statements and comments for preparing your DBMS:
Create all tables according to your uploaded E-R model,
ETL to extract data from the given data, transform the data, and load it into the designed database. You should remove errorneous data from the given data before loading them into your database. Each statement should be accompanied by a remark/comment on what the SQL statement does.
You may ETL only the needed data according to your software requirements.
(40 pts.) Three-tier Web Application
Implement a three-tier web application using HTML, CSS, Express, and HTMX. The application has eight features (one of your choice).
Furthermore, the application should be implemented using your database tables. If you use the original tables (without normalization), you will be discounted by 30%. You should do at least one commit per feature implemented.
(15 pts.) Deployment with Docker
Commit a compose.yaml file so that the user (me) can run your software by two commands:
git clone Your GitHub repository URL
docker compose up
(5 pts.) Git Push
Please make sure that you have pushed all your commits to your GitHub repository before the deadline. In fact, there is no limit on the number of pushes. So you really should do git push as often as possible.